Bài Hát: Attention
Ca Sĩ: Niki Nhi Ha
You've been runnin' 'round
Runnin' 'round runnin' 'round
Throwin' that dirt all on my name
'Cause you knew that I
Knew that I knew that I'd
Call you up
You've been going 'round
Going 'round going 'round
Every party in LA
'Cause you knew that I
Knew that I knew that I'd
Be at one oh
I know that dress is karma
Perfume regret
You got me thinking 'bout
When you were mine ooh
And now I'm all up on ya
What you expect
But you're not coming home
With me tonight
You just want attention
You don't want my heart
Maybe you just hate
The thought of me with someone new
Yeah you just want attention
I knew from the start
You're just making su
I'm never gettin' over you oh
You've been runnin' 'round
Runnin' 'round runnin' 'round
Throwin' that dirt all on my name
'Cause you knew that I
Knew that I knew that I'd
Call you up
Baby now that we're
Now that we're now that we're
Right here standin' face to face
You already know
'Ready know 'ready know
That you won oh
I know that dress is karma
Perfume regret
You got me thinking 'bout
When you were mine ooh
And now I'm all up on ya
What you expect
But you're not coming home
With me tonight oh no
You just want attention
You don't want my heart
Maybe you just hate
The thought of me with someone new
Yeah you just want attention
I knew from the start
You're just making sure
I'm never gettin' over you
What are you doin' to me
What are you doin' huh
I know that dress is karma
Perfume regret
You got me thinking 'bout
When you were mine
And now I'm all up on ya
What you expect
But you're not coming home
With me tonight
You just want attention
You don't want my heart
Maybe you just hate
The thought of me with someone new
Yeah you just want attention
I knew from the start
You're just making su
I'm never gettin' over you oh
You just want attention
I knew from the start
You're just making su
I'm never gettin' over you oh